<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a="http://richfaces.org/a4j" template="/layout/template.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="body">
		<h2>VAMDC Privacy policy</h2>
		<div class="textContent">
			<p>When you use VAMDC services, we may collect some personal data
				(your IP address and if you provide it, your e-mail). Those data are
				used only to offer you the service in question, nothing else. VAMDC
				does not disclose, give or sell your data to anyone unless we are
				required to do so pursuant to a mandatory provision of law. We may
				use some of the data in research and development work to improve our
				services, but for such purposes we always use the data in a fully
				anonymized form, and no personal identifiers are left in the data.
				Your data is stored on VAMDC ecosystem servers, which are located in
				the EU.</p>
			<h3>Storage and accuracy of information</h3>
			<p>
				We only store the information as long as is necessary to fulfill the
				purpose for which it was collected or required by law. You are
				responsible for the accuracy of the information you provide. For any
				question, you may also contact use: <a
					href="http://www.vamdc.org/contact/contact-category-1/">http://www.vamdc.org/contact/contact-category-1/</a>
			</p>
			<h3>Security</h3>
			<p>There are always risks associated with providing personal data
				via the internet and no system or technology is completely safe or
				"tamper"/"hacker" proof. VAMDC takes appropriate precautions to
				prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of your personal
				data: we use industry standard security measures.</p>
			<h3>Your rights</h3>
			<p>You always have the right to access your personal information.
				You have the right to know what information pertaining to you has
				been collected, what this information is used for. To verify your
				identity in order to carry out your request, we may have to ask for
				additional information.</p>
			<p>VAMDC is allowed to handle your personal information when the
				handling is based on a legitimate interest. We use this legal basis
				in some cases for our research and development activities, as we
				constantly want to develop and improve our services. You have the
				right to object to the handling of your personal information for
				these purposes. However, your right to object is not absolute. The
				data used in our research and development work is anonymized and
				cannot be associated with you. You have the right to have any of
				your information corrected or deleted If you want to have your
				information deleted, we will delete your user credentials and all
				information and data pertaining to you. The deleted data is not
				retrievable.</p>
			<p>
				If you suspect misuse of the information, you may submit a complaint
				to the <a href="https://edpb.europa.eu/">European data
					protection board</a> or a similar authority.
			</p>
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
